-> Here are a list of ideas for this mod, base content wise:

> Vanilla stuff:
1. Mayo: made with 3 eggs with shapeless crafting. Provides 4 hunger and and 1 saturation.
2. ‘Sugar Cookies’: Made using ‘Wheat’ and ‘Sugar’ (x2) in shapeless crafting (makes 8).
3. Follow up to #2; ability to use Create to make ‘Sugar Cookies’ using Flour (any type), ‘Sugar’ (x2), and ‘Water’ (250mb) in a mixer (makes 8).
4. Follow up to #2+3; ability to glaze ‘Sugar Cookies’ with most liquids using Create.

> Create stuff:
1. Compat with Malum that allows you to drain the saps and syrups in a drain. The sap can be cooked by a mixer and heated basin to become syrup, then can be reinserted into the bottle.
2. Follow up to #1, ability to put syrup on bread (any type) to make (Holy/Unholy) Sticky Buns.
3. Create gains a new food item, ‘Cinder Bread’! It would be made from ‘Cinder Dough’ which would be made from ‘Cinder Flour’, an already existing item in Create. Also add tags for additional compat.
4. Follow up to #3, ‘Caldera Rolls’; made by spouting lava on ‘Cinder Bread’, provides moderate hunger (7) and moderate saturation (8).

> Biomes o' Plenty stuff:
1. Ability to cultivate barley and oats by crafting the original item ('Barley' and 'Sea Oats') into seeds ('Barley Kernels' and 'Oats'). These seeds can be planted into the ground to make their cultivated variety ('Cultivated Barley' and 'Cultivated Oats'). These will have the tag of '#forge:grain' (+ Other additional tags for further compat).
2. Follow up to #1; ability to turn 'Barley Kernels' and 'Oats' into 'Barley Loaf' and 'Oat Cake', which would be bread varients of those grains and would have the tag of '#forge:bread' (+ Other additional tags for further compat).
3. Another follow up to #1+2; compat with Create that would allow the ability to grind the grains into respective flour and dough, with the tags of '#forge:flour' and '#forge:dough' respectively (+ Other additional tags for further compat).
4. Ability to make ‘Granola’ which would be a cheap food item made from ‘Oats’, ‘Sugar’, ‘Cocoa Beans’, and ‘Sweet Berries’ in a shapeless crafting environment (makes five). It would provide 2 hunger, 1 saturation, and would be eaten fast.

> Farmer's Delight (+Addons) stuff:
1. Ability to make 'Coleslaw' using ‘Cabbage’, ‘Carrots’, and ‘Mayo’ (+a 'Bowl') in shapeless crafting.
2. Ability to make a ‘Southern Burger’ by shapeless crafting a ‘Cooked Beef Patty’, ‘Coleslaw’, and ‘Cooked Bacon’.
3. Compat with Supplementaries to make ‘Flaxseed Bites’ out of ‘Flax Seeds’, ‘Sugar’, ‘Water Bottle’, and ‘Wheat’ (in a Cooking Pot, makes 3); which would be a pretty average food item; it would provide 3 hunger, 2 saturation, and 5 seconds of the Resistance buff with 15 seconds of the Comfort buff.

> Neapolitan stuff:
1. Compat with Create that allows you to make the custom cakes using the Create cake recipe.

> Naturalist stuff:
1. ‘Venison’ gains proper tagging (IE #forge/raw_meats/venison), and a new food item called ‘Venison Burger’ which would be made with ‘Bread’ and ‘Cooked Venison’. 
